feat(module:dropdown): allow backdrop to be disabled (#3769)
NG-ZORRO/ng-zorro-antd: components/dropdown/doc/index.en-US.md

| `[nzTrigger]` | the trigger mode which executes the drop-down action | `'click' \| 'hover'` | `'hover'` |
| `[nzClickHide]` | whether hide menu when click | `boolean` | `true` |
| `[nzVisible]` | whether the dropdown menu is visible, double binding | `boolean` | - |

> | `[nzBackdrop]` | whether the dropdown has a backdrop when visible | `boolean` | - |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `[nzBackdrop]` | whether the dropdown has a backdrop when `nzTrigger` is `click` | `boolean` | `true` |
```
